Copyright 2003-2017. JetBrains s.r.o. All rights reserved.

This product includes software developed by

The Apache Software Foundation
http://www.apache.org/

INRIA, France Telecom
http://asm.objectweb.org/
Copyright (c) 2000-2005 All rights reserved.

Anders Moeller
http://www.brics.dk/automaton/index.html
Copyright (c) 2001-2011

Legion of the Bouncy Castle Inc.
http://www.bouncycastle.org/about.html
Copyright (c) 2000-2015

CGLIB project
https://github.com/cglib/cglib

CLI Parser
https://github.com/spullara/cli-parser
Copyright (c) 2012 Sam Pullara

Java Diff Utils
http://code.google.com/p/java-diff-utils/

Eclipse Software Foundation
http://www.eclipse.org/

Google
http://www.google.com/

Hamcrest project
https://code.google.com/p/hamcrest/

Java Image-Scaling Library
https://github.com/rkalla/imgscalr

SourceForge ISO-RELAX Project
https://sourceforge.net/projects/iso-relax/

Jaxen project
http://jaxen.codehaus.org

java-swing-ayatana project
https://code.google.com/p/java-swing-ayatana/

JDOM Project
http://www.jdom.org/
Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Brett McLaughlin & Jason Hunter.

Pure Java Terminal Emulator.
https://github.com/JetBrains/jediterm

JGoodies, Karsten Lentzsch
http://www.jgoodies.com/freeware/
Copyright (c) 2002-2006. All rights reserved.

Sun Microsystems
http://java.sun.com/javase/technologies/desktop/javahelp/

Jing / RELAX NG validator in Java
http://www.thaiopensource.com/relaxng/jing.html
Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2008 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd

The jMock project
http://jmock.org/

JNA Project
https://jna.dev.java.net/

JCraft/JSch project
http://www.jcraft.com/jsch/

JSR 173: Streaming API for XML
https://www.jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=173

Kent Beck, Erich Gamma, and David Saff
http://www.junit.org/

Michael Baranov
http://microba.sourceforge.net/
Copyright (c) 2005-2006. All rights reserved.

MigLayout project
http://www.miglayout.com

Marc De Scheemaecker
http://devkix.com/nanoxml.php/
Copyright (C) 2000-2008. All Rights Reserved.

Netty project
http://netty.io/index.html

NanoContainer Organization
http://www.picocontainer.org/
Copyright (c) 2003

Proxy Vole project
https://code.google.com/p/proxy-vole/

Pseudo terminal(PTY) implementation in Java
https://github.com/traff/pty4j

PureJavaComm
http://www.sparetimelabs.com/purejavacomm/purejavacomm.php

RELAX NG Object Model / Parser
https://java.net/projects/rngom/

Simple Logging Facade for Java
https://www.slf4j.org

Taro L. Saito
https://github.com/xerial/snappy-java

SQLite Project
https://www.sqlite.org

TMate Software Ltd
http://svnkit.com/
http://sqljet.com/

StreamEx Project
https://github.com/amaembo/streamex

SwingLabs SwingX
https://swingx.java.net

Trang Project
http://www.thaiopensource.com/relaxng/trang.html
Copyright (c) 2002, 2003, 2008 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd

Trove High Performance Collections for Java
http://trove.starlight-systems.com

Winp project
https://java.net/projects/winp

XML Pull Parser (XPP3) project
http://www.extreme.indiana.edu/xgws/xsoap/xpp/

Joe Walnes
http://xstream.codehaus.org/
Copyright (c) 2003-2005. All rights reserved.

The W3C consortium
http://www.w3c.org

Java API for handling Windows ini file format
http://ini4j.sourceforge.net/index.html

LZ4 Java
https://github.com/lz4/lz4-java

Trilead SSH
http://www.trilead.com/SSH_Library/

You can find licenses for these software
in the %MPS_HOME%/license directory
